# [[IDEMO]]
- 09:59: I think I should plan the week ahead so we are aware of what all we need to do and are not spurting randomly. I think we will have a top-down approach. Breaking high level goals into smaller ones. I have this weird sense of lethargy. As if all of my energy has been zapped. And this is something we need to work upon. At the end of the day, if we properly optimize our existing day we can be great
- ### stuff to focus on this week
	- **System Design**: need to complete that sheet asap
	- **DSA**: need to establish a DSA revision plan
	- **The git project**: finish in this week end to end. Would be a good addition
- Although what is another concerning thought is how we plan the entirety of the day.
	- All of the morning session should be spent on DSA. That is the morning 30-45 mins. Then the remaining time. Till we board the means of transportation. Only DSA.
	- In the car we do DSA only. So a good chunk of our time would be spent on DSA itself
	- The first hour of the day would be spent on project/learning-course type stuff.
	- Then we do the work via the ai-psychosis thingy
	- Lunch would be system design.
	- Post lunch we can do one DSA question and get back to work
	- After work we will have the freedom to work on whatever maybe super relevant to us at the time. Alright the course is set. Let's formulate all that we have to do in a week.
	- Also whenever we open our phone -- we check the openings and apply. So at least 3-4 times a day we are just applying. Searching and applying. ``
	-